The Sixth World has grown rather jaded after decades of wars, social upheaval, and magical awakenings. And yet, the entire globe seems to pause in surprise at the news trickling out of CalFree. Tir Tairngire, the great elven nation, undefeated in battle, was abruptly stopped in its imminent conquest of its southern neighbor by the sudden appearance of the great dragon Hestaby.

The copper dragon was unlike any the world had seen before. She appeared uninterested in the games of power and wealth played by other dragons, and instead focused her considerable talents on propagating peace, reversing ecological harm, and protecting metahumans from prejudice. While some would argue that she merely pursued a more subtle plan for domination, the people of the Pacific Coast increasingly viewed her as a benevolent godmother.

Witnesses to the shocking events at the Battle of Shasta Dam knew that Hestaby did not act alone: she received crucial and timely assistance from a former shadowrunner who led Redding’s militia in a desperate battle against Tir’s forces. While the San Francisco megacorps had initially viewed the runner as a pawn carrying out their agenda, it proved impossible to argue with the facts on the ground: the runner had used their resources to build a staggeringly effective organization in CalFree, beyond their ability to dissolve. A series of tense yet respectful negotiations resulted in a new position for the runner: Executive Director of Northern Californian Operations for Mitsuhama, with unprecedented autonomy in expanding corp influence in NorCalFree. 

As the years marched onward, the region around Redding and Mount Shasta grew increasingly lucrative. While megacorps were still not authorized to trade within Tir, the former runner came to control the sole major trade route between CalFree and Tir Tairngire, directly under the watchful eye of the dragon. Some said that she owed the runner a favor. Whether true or not, the rumor alone was enough to firmly secure a place in history for the runner, and those lurking in the shadows would speak their name in awe for years to come.
