The Sixth World has grown rather jaded after decades of wars, social upheaval, and magical awakenings. And yet, the entire globe seems to pause in surprise at the news trickling out of CalFree. Tir Tairngire, the great elven nation, undefeated in battle, was abruptly stopped in its imminent conquest of its southern neighbor by the sudden appearance of the great dragon Hestaby.

The copper dragon was unlike any the world had seen before. She appeared uninterested in the games of power and wealth played by other dragons, and instead focused her considerable talents on propagating peace, reversing ecological harm, and protecting metahumans from prejudice. While some would argue that she merely pursued a more subtle plan for domination, the people of the Pacific Coast increasingly viewed her as a benevolent godmother.

Witnesses to the shocking events at the Battle of Shasta Dam knew that Hestaby did not act alone: she received crucial and timely assistance from a former shadowrunner who led Redding’s militia in a desperate battle against Tir’s forces. The actions in Redding shamed the state capitol, who had long overlooked the town as a backwater. The organization built by the runner proved to be strong and enduring, and over time an ever-increasing influx of immigration transformed Redding into the most significant CalFree hub. In the first free elections after the Battle of Shasta Dam, the runner was overwhelmingly elected mayor, and turned their popularity and talents towards rebuilding and expanding the town.

Sacramento eventually realized that Redding had grown too powerful to co-opt, and so they created a new administrative territory and appointed the runner as its first leader: Governor of the Northern California Free State. From this largely autonomous perch, the Governor managed the important political and social issues raised by the sudden emergence of the dragon, often acting as her liaison to the southern lands. The Governor left behind an extraordinary legacy: their face emblazoned on civic buildings across the region, a long period of peace and prosperity, and their name fondly remembered for generations to come.