The Sixth World has grown rather jaded after decades of wars, social upheaval, and magical awakenings. And yet, the entire globe seems to pause in surprise at the news trickling out of CalFree. Tir Tairngire, the great elven nation, undefeated in battle, was abruptly stopped in its imminent conquest of its southern neighbor by the sudden appearance of the great dragon Hestaby.

The copper dragon was unlike any the world had seen before. She appeared uninterested in the games of power and wealth played by other dragons, and instead focused her considerable talents on propagating peace, reversing ecological harm, and protecting metahumans from prejudice. While some would argue that she merely pursued a more subtle plan for domination, the people of the Pacific Coast increasingly viewed her as a benevolent godmother.

Witnesses to the shocking events at the Battle of Shasta Dam knew that Hestaby did not act alone: she received crucial and timely assistance from a former shadowrunner who led Redding’s militia in a desperate battle against Tir’s forces. After the battle ended, forces from San Francisco and Sacramento assumed that they would be able to sweep in and take over. That did not happen. The runner had built a solid organization, well-staffed and financially independent, and made it clear that they would not be surrendering the territory for which they had fought so hard. Declaring an independent microstate known as the People's Republic of Redding, the runner successfully waged an elaborate diplomatic campaign against Tir and CalFree, playing each off against the other, until both sides were convinced that an independent Redding was essential.

Of course, the PRR wasn’t just any microstate: it was the only town in the world under the protection of a benevolent great dragon. All the world was curious about the dragon, and all supplicants needed to first pass through Redding. In a short amount of time, the PRR had become far more powerful than its tiny size would suggest, and everyone spoke in hushed voices about the PRR's infamous leader. Rising up from the shadows, they had faced down one of the most powerful nations in the world, and climbed into the light under their own strength. No more serving Mr. Johnson. This runner had seized the right to control their own destiny, and, eventually, that of the world.
